# Documentation on the *cont_table* array
This document is filed among the development notes because the array
described herein is presently not exported into a format for other
programs to use - but is generated by this program for it's own use.
Documentation on it is needed, though, for me to know what I am doing.

## The Basic Array Structure
The main array is a non-associative. Each element in the array is a
narrative unit. All elements in this array should be part of the same
larger unit (if applicable) and I _think_ this should mean (though I
do not _promise_ so) that this will imply that all elements in this
array are of the same level of narrative unit.

Henceforth, any array within *cont_table* that matches this description will
be referred to as a __unit list__ - and an *element* of a unit list
will be referred to as a __unit record__.

## Structure of a Unit Record
A unit record (unlike a unit list) is an _associative_ array -- and it's
elements as such can also be referred to as "fields". Here is what the
various fields are and what they mean.

### denom
The name of the _level_ of this narrative unit.

(NOTE: This field is slated for deprecation - and may be removed from implementation
at any time. Do not rely on it.)

### tset
A boolean value:
Set to "true" if this narrative unit has a title and "false" if ti does not.

### allpub
A boolean value:
Set to "true" if *all* posts in this narrative unit have thus-far reached their publication
date and to "false" otherwise.

### anypub
A boolean value:
Set to "true" if *any* posts in this narrative unit have thus-far reached their publication
date and to "false" otherwise.

### lvidn
An integer value:
Set to the ID-number of the level of this narrative unit.
This will be a number one *less* than what is listed in the [storikaze_info]
shortcode section - because here (unlike there) we start the count from zero.

### pubdate
A string containing the MySQL format of the table-of-contents publication date of the *first*
post within this narrative unit.

### link
Applicable only for individual posts (check for only if __lvidn__ has a value of "0").

The link that WordPress provides to the post.

It is only the permalink if WordPress
provides a permalink. The generation of this field is *not* where we
attempt to guess the permalink if it *isn't* provided.

### pubrdate
A string containing the MySQL format of the WordPress publication date of this post.
(No need to qualify it to the first post because this field is only required to be
present in records that specify individual posts -- so look for it only if __lvidn__
is set to "0".)

### postidn
Applicable only for individual posts (check for only if __lvidn__ has a value of "0").

The WordPress PostID number. This will be needed to generate the tags that will
be used once the [storikaze_history] shortcode is implemented.

### postname
Applicable only for individual posts (check for only if __lvidn__ has a value of "0").

The short-name of the post --- that which might be used to generate the permalink.

### pubyet
Applicable only for individual posts (check for only if __lvidn__ has a value of "0").

A boolean value: Set to "true" if the post is already published and "false" if it is
merely *scheduled* for publication.

### titl
This is the title of this narrative unit. It may be absent if __tset__ is
set to "false".

### cont
If this narrative unit is one that can be sub-divided into smaller narrative
units, then this field is the unit list of all narrative units that are
_direct_ sub-units of this narrative unit.

By "direct" I mean to refer to only the narrative units that are members
of this unit without being members of *other* members that are *also*
members of this unit.

Unfortunately, there is no other field who's sole purpose is to inform
on whether or not this field is applicable --- though I'm pretty sure that
it isn't applicable if __lvidn__ has a value of "0".